It’s only the human beings who have got
this freedom,
the will, “free will” as they call it.
If you want to go to heaven, you can go
to heaven.
If you want, you can go to hell.
And that is what we are facing now
in modern times,
that if we do not take course to sensible
things
we may be all wiped out of the surface
of the Earth.
I’ve been telling since long that it
affects our genes.
Supposing a father is an alcoholic, the son
also gets it in his genes.
So many things, most of the vulnerability
that you have
or what you can call the susceptibility
is coming from these genes.
Now the susceptibility to do something
wrong,
always to take to something bad,
whatever is destructive,
comes from the genes;
and it was said that the Asians have
two genes which protects them,
bars them for doing something wrong.
Might be a culture research, I don’t know.
And the Aboriginals and the people who
have lived in the nature
have only one gene that protects.
But for white skin, there’s no gene
to protect. Can you imagine?
They are left to winds. Whichever way
the wind blows, they start blowing.
So, it’s such a big problem with the white
skin.
Also they think they are the higher race,
but they are not
according to the biological process,
you can say.
You can see the Germans, what they did.
I mean, killing children in the gas...
How could they do it? I mean, I just –
unimaginable.
The way they have killed people in all
the African countries also,
specially in America, the Spanish.
Unimaginable. The way they have treated
other people everywhere.
Cruelty comes to them first. Very easily
they can become cruel.
They take to bad things very easily.
There are some Sahaja Yogis who came
to Sahaja Yoga,
stayed in Sahaja Yoga for so much and
again they have taken to their bad life.
So now it is very much to be understood
that you have to be very careful and
cautious.
The bhoots will first catch you.
That’s why so much schizophrenia
everywhere.
If you – schizophrenia is so much true
in America. So much.
All kinds of horrible diseases they have.
But I can’t understand how they got it.
So one has to be very careful
that after coming to Sahaja Yoga you must
stick on
to your sublime Self, to your glorious
Self, otherwise it is dangerous.
When one thing about Sahaja Yoga I was
amazed that how it cleanses the genes.
Actually, gene in a Persian language is
called like a “bhoot,” you know Jin,
but this whole theory is now showing
that white-skinned people are more
vulnerable to all kinds of things.
And I think they are the ones who have
suffered a lot
because there must have been a big fight
within,
that ‘What is this nonsense we are doing?
Why should we do it?’
And that’s why so many of them started
seeking, so many of them.
The seeking is so much suggested in Indian
culture, everything,
but nobody did that the way you people
were seeking, it’s creditable;
because you realized, perhaps, that this
is a terrible life you are into.
‘Why are we here, so unprotected?’.
And that’s why so much of – we have so
many Sahaja Yogis all over the world
who have taken to Sahaja Yoga, and are
steadying themselves
and are progressing beautifully.
That means the genes which were not
protecting have become protective now,
one thing, and those genes which make you
vulnerable to things also become clean
and you cannot get to those things.
They said the people who get AIDS
are the ones who have genes like that,
they are vulnerable to AIDS.
So, this new dimension that the science
has exposed before us
tells us two things, that by living like
a white country,
people saw the hell itself and that’s why
they have taken now,
with such a big jump, to Sahaja Yoga.
And your duty is to see that you get more
out of all that hell.
Around you, if you see – I mean, when you
read the newspaper you are shocked.
It’s not the accident by which people die,
but all kinds of diseases, murders, this,
that going on. God knows, such violence.
Specially in America, you’ll be surprised
that I can’t even wear my wedding ring
there.
My husband doesn’t allow Me to wear
My wedding ring, even mangal sutra.
And what goes wrong with them, I don’t
know,
that they take to violence without
any difficulties.
We had one gentleman who came from America.
He had already murdered his brother and
murdered his mother also –
mother and brother, both. I said,
“How could you do that?”
And so many you will find in England
who have killed their children.
And now, as I was telling you, it’s
a very dangerous situation
when you [know], I read about the genes
and the no protective genes;
because I remember once, one student
who had gone to Cambridge.
He came back and he said, ‘What surprises
me,
he – they take to drugs like a venture.
They take to anything bad like a venture,
while for us, we are frightened, you know,
we think this is wrong.
All throughout, we know it is wrong and
we are doing wrong, knowingly.’
So he said, ‘I don’t’, he told Me,
‘I don’t know how they get over this
protectiveness.’
They just go headlong into it, anything,
you know,
a love affair with any unknown girl,
they’ll sleep with anyone.
How can they do it? They don’t even
think whether it is right or wrong.
That’s what is true, that to introspect
and see for yourself
whether it is good or bad, is very
important.
Now also we have some national problems.
Different nationality has different
problems.
But in Sahaja Yoga I think we are washed
of all these things.